Fix Docs in Target and Context Management section under `docs/full/README.md` (#178)
vmware-tanzu/tanzu-cli: docs/full/README.md

## Target

> A Target refers to a category or tier of control planes that the CLI can interact with. There are currently two supported targets : `kubernetes` (or k8s) and `mission-control` (or tmc) which corresponds to the Kubernetes cluster endpoint type and Tanzu Mission Control endpoint type respectively. A context is associated with one of the two supported targets. Plugins are generally associated with one of the above mentioned targets but if a plugin doesn't fall into any of the above categories developer can create a plugin with 'global' target. A plugin using a `global` target is available as a root Tanzu CLI command. To see plugins that apply to a particular Target and not the other, run the command `tanzu <target>'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Target refers to a category or tier of control planes that the CLI can interact with. There are currently two supported targets : `kubernetes` (or `k8s`) and `mission-control` (or `tmc`) which corresponds to the Kubernetes cluster endpoint type and Tanzu Mission Control endpoint type respectively. A context is associated with one of the two supported targets. Plugins are generally associated with one of the above mentioned targets but if a plugin doesn't fall into any of the above categories a developer can create a plugin with the 'global' target. A plugin using the `global` target is available as a root Tanzu CLI command. To see plugins that only apply the `kubernetes` Target or only to the `mission-control` Target, run the command `tanzu <target>'.
```
